What is the TOEFL test?The TOEFL test measures the ability of non-native English speakers to use and understand the English language as it is heard, spoken, read and written in the university classroom.
What is the difference between the TOEFL iBT test and TOEFL paper-delivered testing?The TOEFL iBT test, delivered via the internet, measures reading, listening, speaking and writing skills. It is offered more than 50 times a year and is administered online at testing sites around the world.The revised TOEFL Paper-delivered Test, which replaces the TOEFL PBT test, measures reading, listening and writing. There is no speaking component because of the technical requirements of capturing spoken responses.
How do I know what an institution's score requirements are?Each institution sets its own score requirements. You can start your score requirement research with the TOEFL Destination Search and then contact the institution for more specific requirements. If you're applying for postgraduate studies, find out if your institution requires other tests, such as the GRE(Graduate Record Examinations) test.
How often is the test given?The TOEFL iBT test is given on fixed dates, more than 50 times a year. 
How do I find testing locations and dates?Choose an available test date from among testing locations around the world. Register online, by mail, by phone or in person.
Can I take the entire test in 1 day?Yes, the test is given in 1 day. The test takes about 4 hours, but with check-in you should plan to be at the test center for at least 4 and half hours.
Can I retake the test?Yes, you can. There is no limit to the number of times you can take the test, but you cannot take it more than once in a 12-day period. If you already have a test appointment, you cannot register for another test date that is within 12 days of your existing appointment.
Does the TOEFL program offer accommodations to test takers with disabilities?We are committed to serving test takers with disabilities or health-related needs by providing services and reasonable accommodations deemed appropriate given the purpose of the test. 
Why should I choose the TOEFL test over another test?It's the most highly respected around the world. It's the most widely accepted. It's the most accurately measured. It's the most fair and unbiased. It's the most convenient.
How much does the TOEFL iBT test cost?The test fee depends on the test location you choose. 
How many score reports are included in my test fee?Your test fee includes: 1 online score report for you, and 1 paper copy if you requested it before you took the test. You can also download and print a PDF test taker score report for your records. Up to 4 official score reports sent to the institutions or agencies you select before you test; ETS will send the official score reports directly to the score recipients. 
Can I order additional official score reports?Yes, you can order additional score reports once your scores are available online, approximately 10 days after your test date.
What is the test fee refund policy?If you cancel your registration before the 4-day advance deadline, you will receive a refund of half the original test fee you paid. Refunds are in U.S. dollars. Cash refunds are not available.
What are the fees for other services?See Fees.
What do I need to know before I register?Before you register, decide where you want to take the test. Go to testing locations and dates. You will be required to enter identification (ID) information before you can register for the test. Be sure to use the same form of ID that you will bring to the test center. ID requirements depend on your country of citizenship and where you plan to test. See ID Requirements for details.
When can I register for the test?Seats can fill up quickly, so register early. We recommend that you register 3 to 4 months before your desired test date to reserve your seat. Your test date should be 2 to 3 months before your earliest admissions application or other deadline.
How do I register to reserve my seat?You can register using any of 4 methods   online, in person, by phone or by mail. Online registration is the fastest, easiest method. You can choose where you want to test and see which dates are available.
What forms of payment do you accept?See Fees.
What is a TOEFL iBT Resource Center?A TOEFL iBT Resource Center is a place where you can go to get more information about the TOEFL test and assistance with registration. Some locations will help you register online with your own credit card. At other locations, you can purchase a TOEFL iBT Registration Voucher in local currency. A printed TOEFLTest Prep Planner is given to you free when you register for the test with the help of a TOEFL iBT Resource Center.
How should my name appear on my registration?Your name and the spelling of your name must match the name printed on the valid ID document you will present at the test center. If this information does not match, you will not be permitted to test, and your test fee will not be refunded.
I have a multiple-part first or last name. How should I enter it?Enter your name exactly as it appears on the ID document you will bring to the test center. If the names do not match, you will not be permitted to test and your test fee will not be refunded.Enter your entire last name (family name/surname) and first (given) name. If you have a multiple-part first or last name, enter it as it appears on the ID document you will bring to the test center, excluding accents and apostrophes. 
I don't have a first (or last) name. What should I do?If you do not have a first or a last name, enter the name(s) you have in the Last Name field and leave the First Name field blank. This is because the Last Name field is a mandatory field, and the First Name field is not.
How can I find a test center?When you select a date and general location in the online registration system, you'll see a list of test sites in that area. You can search by site or date to find a match to your needs.
What can I do with my TOEFL online account?When you register online, you will create a TOEFL iBT profile, including a username and password. 
What if I make a mistake entering my name or date of birth?Once you enter your name and date of birth, you can t change those fields. 
Will I receive a confirmation of my registration?Yes   you can print your confirmation by choosing "Print and View Your Registration Confirmation" on the page with the heading "Thank You for Your Order." Your test date, start time and test center address are listed on your confirmation. Return to your online account the day before the test in case changes have been made to your registration details (for example, different time or building than originally scheduled). You will also receive an email confirmation.
How can I change my email or mailing address?Once you log in to the system and get to your Home Page, click the "Update Contact Information" link. Select the "Modify" button to change your email or mailing address.
Why can't I get the test date I want?You need to register at least 4 days before the test date. For example, the deadline to schedule a test on Saturday is Tuesday.If the test date you want is not listed, the deadline for registration may have passed, or all seats may have been filled.
When do late fees apply?Registration closes 7 days prior to the test date. A late fee of US$40 is charged for registrations received after this deadline. Late registration closes 4 days prior to your test date.
I missed the deadline for scheduling a test. What should I do?Unfortunately, you will need to select another test date.
I keep getting a message saying that my session has expired. What should I do?Your session times out after a period of inactivity for security reasons. You will need to log back in to the system. Any transaction you were working on at the time will not be saved.
I was registering online and my browser froze, so I couldn't register. What should I do?Close your browser and try to log in again. Do not use the browser's "Back" button when navigating the registration site. When entering information, do not use any accent or diacritical marks, and do not double-click any of the buttons or links.
I received an error message when registering online. On the payment screen, I received a "Page Cannot Be Displayed" message. What should I do?Try refreshing the page using your browser's "Refresh" button.If refreshing doesn't work, close your browser and log in again.
I clicked my browser's "Back" button and received a "Page Has Expired" message. Do I have to start the transaction again?Unfortunately, yes. Do not use the "Back" button when you are registering for the test or placing an order. If you get this message, use the browser's "Refresh" button.If refreshing doesn't work, close your browser and log in again. Your session may have timed out after a period of inactivity.
If I can't register online or at a TOEFL iBT Resource Center, can I register by phone?If you are testing in the United States or Canada, call 1-443-751-4862 or 1-800-GO-TOEFL (1-800-468-6335). For all other locations, see Contact Us.
What do I need to know to use my TOEFL online account?Note: For best results, make sure your browser is updated to the most current version.Browser encryption  If you want to pay by credit/debit card, your browser must support 128-bit encryption. If you get an error message saying you have insufficient encryption or that you require a higher level of encryption to complete the transaction, verify that your browser does support 128-bit encryption. If it doesn't, see your specific browser documentation to find out how to configure it to do so.
I can't access my account, and I'm sure my password is correct. What should I do?Passwords are case sensitive   check to make sure your "Caps Lock" key is off.
What if I need to cancel or reschedule?You can reschedule or cancel your registration up to 4 days before your test date. That means if your test is on a Saturday, you must reschedule or cancel by Tuesday. The fee to reschedule is US$60 and must be paid before you can register for another date. If your request is not received at least 4 days in advance, your test fee will not be refunded. Test administrators cannot make schedule changes. To reschedule, you will need to provide your registration number and the full name you used when you registered.
How do I reschedule?You can reschedule via your TOEFL online account or by calling the appropriate phone number. 
Can I get a refund on my test fee?Yes. If you cancel your registration no later than 4 days before your test date, you can receive a refund of half your original test fee. Refunds are in U.S. dollars. Cash refunds are not available.
How can I get a refund on my TOEFL iBT registration voucher?If you purchased a registration voucher and wish to get a refund:If you have not yet registered for a test date, contact the organization where you purchased the registration voucher.If you already have a test appointment, follow the regular TOEFL refund procedures found in the TOEFL iBT Registration Bulletin and on the TOEFL website. You can cancel your registration no later than 4 full days before your test date and receive a refund of half the original test fee paid. Refunds are in U.S. dollars. Cash refunds are not available.
What is the TOEFL Search Service?The free TOEFL Search Service matches prospective students with participating colleges, universities, postgraduate schools and other educational institutions. If you match the recruitment profile of a participating institution/organization, you may be sent information about programs of study, admissions requirements, financial aid opportunities, fellowships and other education opportunities.
How can I unsubscribe from the TOEFL Search Service?Contact TOEFL Services to unsubscribe from the TOEFL Search Service.
When should I take the test?Plan to take the TOEFL test 2 to 3 months before your earliest application or other deadline so your scores arrive at your institutions or agencies in time. Find application deadlines by checking each score recipient s website.
How far in advance do I register?Register 3 to 4 months before the test date.
Where are TOEFL test scores accepted?More than 10,000 colleges, universities and agencies in 130 countries accept TOEFL test scores. You can even use your TOEFL scores to satisfy visa requirements in Australia and the UK.
When should I start preparing for the test?Start preparing for the test at least 8 weeks before your test date.
What is the best way to prepare for the TOEFL test?Practicing your English reading, listening, speaking and writing skills as much as possible will help you feel prepared and confident on test day. We offer resources to make it easier. Because ETS is the maker of the TOEFL test, we are the only source for authentic sample questions. For detailed descriptions of all the test preparation materials available, see test preparation.
What is included in the TOEFL Go! Official app?The TOEFL Go! Official app is the only TOEFL iBT preparation app created by ETS   the makers of the test. The app is free to download and includes free content as well as in-app purchases to help you practice the skills you want, prepare with insider tips and go far! Download today.
Can I cancel my scores?You are given the option of canceling your scores at the end of your test session. You cannot cancel scores for individual sections of the test.